changes to header, footer and service navigation (#4547)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/service-navigation/index.md

---

{% from "_example.njk" import example %}
{% from "_brand-callout.njk" import brandCallout %}
{% from "govuk/components/inset-text/macro.njk" import govukInsetText %}

Service navigation helps users understand that they’re using your service and lets them navigate around your service.

{% call brandCallout({ text: "Brand", classes: "brand-tag-green" }) %}

> <h2>Brand changes to the {{title}} component</h2><p class="govuk-body">From June 2025, the {{title}} component will be updated to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand. <a href="#/">See the refreshed GOV.UK brand identity.</a></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h2>Brand changes to the {{title}} component</h2><p class="govuk-body">From June 2025, the {{title}} component will change to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand.</p>
```
